SACHIN BADGUJAR
https://www.linkedin.com/in/sachinbadujar
409 Cheryl Dr Iselin New Jersey 08830 ? 9802330393 ? sachin.d.badgujar@gmail.com SUMMARY
Versatile, innovative with 2+ years of development and testing experience in IT industry with expertise in Python, DB2, Cloud computing, Machine Learning, Databases. Graduate in computer science with Data Science as specialization. SKILLS
Languages: Python, Java, SQL, NoSQL, COBOL, JCL, REXX, C++, R-Programming
Data: Cloud/Hadoop, Big Data, MReduce, Apache spark, Hive, Oracle 11g, IBM Mainframe, DB2 MongoDB.
Web Technologies: HTML, JavaScript, XML, PHP, Bootstrap, Ionic Framework, NodeJS, AngularJs, D3.js.
Operating systems: z/OS, Linux/Unix, Windows, Android, ROS.
Tools: Numpy, Pandas, Spyder, sci-kit, MATLAB, Eclipse, Rally Agile, Crystal Reports, Visual Studio-2010, IBM Data Studio 3.2.0, Distributed Systems, Control-M, Service Now, Shell Scripting, Git CERTIFICATIONS AND LEADERSHIP EXPERIENCE
IBM Certified Database Associate – DB2 10.1 Fundamentals. (Nov 2014)
Innovation Implementation - Harvard Manage Mentor. (Feb 2014)
Published ‘Shortcut and Utilities for TSO, ISPF, and Mainframe Mochasoft’. - Internal Paper at Infosys
IBM Master the Mainframe Part 1 Winner (Dec 2015) PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
Chicago Mercantile Exchange Group, Chicago. – Risk tools, Summer Intern (Fall 2016)
? Enhanced a Hadoop MapR jobs to produce formatted trading data for high end detailed analysis.
? Python and shell scripts to automate the process of data fetching, merging, and analysis reporting.
? Responsible for analyzing financial data and creating Risk Tools in collaboration with investigation teams.
University of North Carolina, Charlotte. – Teaching Assistant (Jan 2016 - Present)
? Teaching assistant for under graduate level course of 86 students, ‘Operating Systems’, where my responsibilities include performing research, creating assignments, grading, analyzing class performance and helping students.
American Express - Infosys Ltd. – QA, Mainframe Developer; Pune, India (Aug 2013-Jan 2015)
? Responsible for Design, Code, test, ETL and implement complex business logic for AMEX Anti-Money Laundering, a Knowledge Based System, in Mainframes. Explored SDLC as well as Agile methodology for software development.
? Tasks include- calculating Risk Scores for Fraud Risk Analysis, design and create stored procedures, COBOL-DB2, Hierarchical Database IMS programs and QA checks for testing of the application.
? Innovatively developed REXX tools for PS reformatting, cleansing information conserving 30% of the coding time.
? Creating an end-to-end test plan for multiple projects and executing it. Performing unit testing, system integration testing. ACADEMIC PROJECTS
Git Link: https://github.com/bsachin207
Research Project-UAV-Data Analysis- Initial phase- (Fall 2015)
? Integrated Python Imaging Library to perform coordinate extraction from image EXIF data. Implemented Geofencing.
? Implementing initial phase of Cloud Robotics project for analyzing UAV-Data with the help of Hadoop infrastructure. Analyzing huge image data for creation of 3D models and Point Clouds using ROS and software-Agisoft.
Design and Implementation of Machine Learning Algorithms- (Fall 2015)
? Classified images with KNN and CNN with optimized distance calculations with the help of numpy and Scipy libraries.
? Implemented PLA pocket algorithm and compared a performance with initialized PLA using pseudo inverse algorithm.
? Processed real world images data using machine learning for image classification competition at Kaggel.com
Cloud-based Project-Crime Forecast – (Fall 2015)
Link: http://webpages.uncc.edu/ssirigin/
? Hadoop-based data analysis using Apache Spark. Implemented Crime Prediction system based on the machine learning algorithm Naïve Bayes in spark. Efficiently used Data-frames against RDDs to improve performance via query optimization. The System shows the probability of crime, given a particular place and time.
? Used Map Reduce, Hive queries and implemented page rank on Wikipedia data. COURSES
Algorithms and Data Structures Cloud Computing for Data Analysis Robot Motion Planning
Knowledge Discovery in Database Machine Learning EDUCATION
Masters, Computer Science University of North Carolina at Charlotte (GPA: 3.88) May 2017
Post graduate diploma, Centre for Development of Advanced Computing (GPA: 3.6) Feb 2013
Bachelors, Electronics and Telecommunication Engineering, University of Pune (GPA: 3.71) May 2012